# MovieStarplanet Protocol

**I will not provide any code. You have to master programming to use this thing.**

> MovieStarplanet uses the [Action Message Format (AMF)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Action_Message_Format) to send requests to the server.  
> The library [FluorineFx](https://code.google.com/archive/p/fluorinefx/) is used to send AMF requests and then serialize/deserialize the response.

# Hash Algorithm

> Moviestarplanet uses a hash algorithm. You must first break the algorithm to send valid requests.   
> there are 2 types of hashes used: sha1 & md5 hash

Not only the hash is required to send a valid request. You also need to set the request properties for Moviestarplanet.

## Checksum

**Hashed type:** sha1

> **The checksum is hashed with a security string** *(the string cannot be found in the source code because it is not declared publicly, but can be displayed by debugging the code)* **a 5 digit random number and the object array.**  
  
Security String | Object Array | 5 digit random Number
--- | --- | ---
`+mMKkZgKBT#-p#64` | `object[]` | `12345`

the string then looks like this. the object array must of course be converted into a single string.
```cs
"+mMKkZgKBT#-p#64" + "Object[]" + "Number"
```
The sh1 hashed string is then converted to **hex**

`hex(sha1(string))`

**This hash is only used in the connection header! with the operation string `id`**

## TicketGenerator

**Hashed type:** md5

> **The ticket generator is hashed with a 3 digit random number (8 bit) and a to 16 bit converted number**  
> **the 16 bit number was generated by the random generated 8 bit number with the base 16.**

3 digit random number | 16 bit number
--- |  ---
`123`  | `123456`

the string then looks like this.
```cs
"123" + "123456"
```

The md5 hashed string is then converted to **hex**  

`hex(md5(string))`

**this hash will be added at the end of the ticket you get when you login**
